hey guys I'm Amy and I'm Julie we are
the Duncan sisters welcome to the scoffs
kitchen today in our Asian bite series
we are doing a Singapore fried rice
noodle with curry is you can see it's
this bright yellow sort of concoction
and it's super yummy so let's get
started so the notice that we're going
to be using today are rice noodles which
are ones like this all we've done here
is just soak them in cold water for
about half an hour we're going to leave
them in there until they're ready to
cook so next up we're going to do our
prawns which is the meat in this dish
all we want to do is pop in a wee bit of
corn flour about a teaspoon for 150
grams as good this coats all the prawns
and gives it like a really kind of well
alloxan or the moisture of the poison
also gives it a really kind of like a
silky coating around the no one likes a
rubbery fraud so we just put about a
tablespoon of oil in the wok now you
want this quite hot don't you do them
you do you have to basically see those
prawns immediately so in it goes so
we're just going to stir fry these for
about two to three minutes until they're
flesh of the prawns is pink and firm so
as you can see the paws are now a lovely
opaque kind of peach color and I've got
a lovely little crust on them as well so
they're ready to come out lovely person
job last week obviously brilliant so for
the omelette I have a couple of beaten
eggs with some salt and pepper and some
oil and we just want to put that right
into a hot frying pan now you could just
do the eggs as a scramble in the wok as
well but I think there's something
really like is quite joyful about
picking up ribbons of eggs we're going
to cut that on into ribbons so picking
them up with your chopsticks along with
the with the rice noodles so the egg is
just cooking now we haven't moved it at
all and we're just going to keep it on
here until it's almost although pay
before you transfer it to the chopping
ball cause it's going to keep on cooking
from the residual heat so almost there
so the omelet is ready to come out of
the pan so just slide it straight onto
your chopping board
and then we're gonna roll this baby up a
bit hot it is and you can see how the
undersides lovely and golden like those
blistered bits yeah it looks like Tiger
KK she doesn't it does look like Tiger
Kate which is one of the recipes that we
have in our upcoming cookbook so plug a
little pride yeah I'll let me just like
flip that over like so just cut this
into strips you can see that these
ribbons are going to be almost like it's
all it's like egg noodles yeah yeah
lovely
all right so we'll fire up the wok get
it on a kind of medium heat and then
we'll pop some oil in so and with the
garlic
look this sizzle a wee bit thanks Amy
Oh lovely so we'll just let that kind of
do its thing releasing its flavours for
a bit and we like to do the onions and
the garlic first because they flavor the
oil which is going to be really
delicious for the real movies as well so
we're really now to put an our red
pepper now this stays you don't really
need to cook up for too long we're just
going to stir fry this for about a
minute because it's all gonna go back
and to the noodles later
so here and about the stage when you can
see that the onion kind of has a little
blisters on it yeah everything is pretty
much ready to come out
sorry just pop it straight back into
your vessel you guys so that is it for
the beach we're ready to get onto the
noodles so for this we only want the wok
on kind of like a low to medium heat and
and we'll pop some oil in there about a
tablespoon and this is the part we will
just fish these noodles straight out of
here so they stay moist because I though
the rice flour which is what these are
made of and alum sucks up moisture a lot
so just give it like a little shake and
then straighten and so that we are going
to add some curry powder which has been
mixed up with a wee bit of water so when
you do the sudden pace it just makes a
bit easier to incorporate into the
noodles yeah I always get clumps of
curry and it's like it's not fair
someone gets more care
how you feel about that I knew that okay
right so did we get two spatulas and
we'll just incorporate that courier all
the way it's gonna take a little bit of
tossing action you can just leave the
water here just get your hands in the
sprinkle it in the way that mom used to
do it right you can bring that heat up a
little bit so we're using the heat now
to really soften them and use the
residual photos like moisture that was
still hanging on to each noodle and kind
of cook through okay now we're going to
put on some bean sprouts so I mean if
you want to take over the section and
now see all the other foots we couldn't
fill it all back in and then if you
follow the noodles are trained to clump
together away but just a wee bit more
water
let's just gently doesn't really because
if you put it all in one so you've worn
it with Drew cilia we're gonna go back
in with the broad and then your
gonna eat ribbons about a tablespoon of
soy sauce for seasoning so you just need
to finish up some spring onions that's
right for a bit of freshness and
vitality oh and a wee bit of salt so
popping a wee bit of salt there and
spring onions
okay final toss and then we're ready to
plate up so how good is this looking
bright yellow I can smell that curry I
can't wait to eat this I'm gonna play
guys if you do try this recipe you would
love to see your photos just get in
touch with us on Twitter or Instagram
using each dumpling sisters or it's goth
food we'd love to see your photos so for
more cool recipes just like this one
make sure you subscribe you can
subscribe to scoff or to doublethink
sisters get a bit of egg ribbon in there
mmm mmm delightful so that's it guys
this is the dumpling sisters Singapore
fried rice noodles with curry yeah I
know it was bit long wasn't it so thank
you so much for watching
keep your eye out for other cool videos
just like this on our asian bite series
we will see you next time bye
you